doc: clarify escaping for ES modules (#41074)
nodejs/node: doc/api/esm.md

### URLs

> ES modules are resolved and cached as URLs. This means that files containing
> special characters such as `#` and `?` need to be escaped.

Reviewer: FWIW, the word _escape_ does not appear in the relevant MDN doc, so maybe "encoded" is the way to go instead of "escaped" or "replaced with escape sequences". Also, and I know this wasn't introduced in this PR, but "files containing" makes it sound we're talking about the file contents when we're talking about the file name/path.

```suggestion
ES modules are resolved and cached as URLs. This means that characters such as 
`#` and `? need to be [percent-encoded][].
```

Then add to the bottom:

```
[percent-encoding]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/percent-encoding

> special characters need to be replaced with escape sequences, such as `#` with `%23` and `?` with `%3F`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
special characters must be [percent-encoded][], such as `#` with `%23` and `?` with `%3F`.
```

Then add a new reference at the bottom of the esm.md to:

```markdown
[percent-encoded]: url.md#percent-encoding-in-urls
```

Reviewer 3: Maybe either the bit being changed or the `percent-encoding-in-urls` section of `url.md` could point to [`encodeURIComponent()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/encodeURIComponent)?

Reviewer: > Maybe either the bit being changed or the `percent-encoding-in-urls` section of `url.md` could point to [`encodeURIComponent()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/encodeURIComponent)?

Or https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/percent-encoding?
